this is the complete collapse of society
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you I have various
issues to discuss with you today let's
get into this in a rapid fire no
particular sequence here I want to begin
right here death of the human investor
just 10% of trading is regular stock
picking that's according to JP Morgan
this is something that I have said for
quite some time it's public information
anyway but individuals people do not
make up the market it's all computer
algorithms you think that there there's
a person behind that computer algorithm
that's not the way it is simultaneously
on top of that you have an issue and
that is Robo advisors and all of the
Robotics and automation that have been
displacing jobs it's not something that
is happening in the future it is
happening today all of the major finan
fincial institutions are instituting
Robo advisors it's becoming the latest
Trend this robot powered restaurant is
one step closer to putting fast food
workers out of a job so suddenly when
you have this
$115 an hour minimum wage you don't even
need those people anymore you're going
to be able to Institute these robots who
are going to displace those $15 an hour
jobs I assure you Puerto Rico go uphold
statehood demand and uh contentious vote
and what I would say with this is that
they have voted to become a state of the
US this is not binding at all this is
just what do the people want and I
believe they're looking for a solution
at this time I believe that they are
looking to be rescued they see that
they're suffering and everything else
and they believe becoming a state is the
solution to that I don't know who's
going to pay for it all but seems like
the us will have to foot the bill hedge
fund delivers 19% return by betting only
on the safest bonds how's that possible
when you have negative yield out there
you have no yield essentially or
negative around the world trillions and
trillions in bonds are being sold at a
negative rate right now how do you do
that with leverage Leverage is being
used to support this economy at this
time you have this liquidity which is
happening from the central banks and
then on on top of that you have leverage
it's maximum leverage right now at this
time and this particular hedge fund
seems to be going in that
route then we look to Canada Canadians
have been racking up debt but fewer of
them are defaulting on their loans how
is this possible how are they in more
and more and more
debt over
160% debt to income ratio right now in
Canada it's even worse in Australia and
it is considerably bad in area like the
US what are they doing they take
their
increasing value of their home and they
have what is called the home equity loan
so they take the value out of their home
and they pay down their credit cards
they pay down all their other garbage
debt and they say look my house is going
to increase in price I don't need to
worry I can use this home as a bank
account this is a failed policy this
will crush a lot of people and and you
best be sure that we are about to embark
on a crisis so massive the world has
never seen and it's because of the
amount of Leverage it's because of the
amount of
debt then we move on look at this some
doctors are charging both government and
patients privately in a legal double
dipping practice what about all of the
other Madness that had gone on recently
with the um glal Smith Klein everything
that they're criminally involved in and
what happens little slap on the wrist
that's all no worries sure they get a
billion dollar fine or what have you but
it doesn't matter they're still
operating they're still using their
doctors and people in the medical
establishment to push their
drugs and then you have this type of
business you can't trust anyone these
days
open Pharma wants public to know ties
between the MDS and the pharmaceutical
industry they're saying we're not anti
Pharma not at all but we just want to
know who's being bribed by who of course
that's not going to happen but wouldn't
that be good if you would at least know
that this doctor that you're going to
see had some ties with glal Smith Klein
for example wouldn't that that be good
information to know I surely agree but
of course not going to happen taking a
daily aspirin is far more dangerous than
was thought causing more than 3,000
deaths a
year people believe that taking pills is
the solution to their problems it
doesn't matter what the problem is
there's always a pill for that and
you'll see that I see that in my own
family I see that in the you know
hearing it from other people all
oh I had to go to the doctor yeah what
what happened well you know they gave me
a pill for this oh they gave me a pill
for that and I understand people you
know they they're in a crisis scenario
they need a solution and that's just the
way it is it's always the Quick Fix
doesn't matter if it's the economy
doesn't matter if it's health I do see
that as a trend and it seems to be
continuing Prozac nation is now the
United States of Xanax this article
talks about that you can see where it's
going essentially that more and more and
more people are choosing to go the route
of anti-anxiety anti-depression
medication it's something that's
increasing okay A lot of people are
taking these drugs all I'm trying to
note is the fact that this seems to be a
growing Trend it's getting worse I
believe that when you look to the
statistics I've shown them here on the
channel before the water supply is
filled with all of these drugs different
pharmaceutical drugs it is a confirmed
fact and I'm not talking about you know
they go into Lake Ontario the drinking
water of the public and they
will you know take it from there and
test it no no no the actual drinking
water out of the top they tested it they
find pharmaceutical drugs in it they're
not filtering it out I have reason to
believe it's being done you know perhaps
on purpose making people a little
less uh let's
say
we'll we'll flip it around a little more
subservient but regardless I see this as
a big problem and it's getting
worse we're not monsters Ontario
Township defends shuddering girls
lemonade stand you thought this was just
in the US no this is happening in Canada
all the time too you can't have a
lemonade stand you can't have a Le are
you crazy a lemonade stand you're
getting shut down and you're lucky that
we put you in jail for your damn
Lemonade Stand little kid this is a
lesson to you the Ontario government
owns you sure you weren't even charging
anybody for the lemonade but it's a
violation and while the Ontario
government is responsible for shutting
down lemonade stands they
simultaneously do this look Lake Ontario
is the drinking water supply for a large
population of people so what do they do
they put raw and partially treated
sewage and dumped it into Lake
Ontario that's what happened they dump
raw sewage into the lake on
purpose and you have to think what the
hell is going on you know they allowed
for those who don't know they
allowed nuclear
radioactive
waste to be thrown into the
lake and said that this was okay because
it was only a small amount and that it
would dissipate over
time that's the drinking water for the
public are you
insane but then if you look at it and
and think well
maybe those in control behind the scenes
don't mind if we have a little bit of
population control I don't know what's
happening look all I know is that
there's criminals running things they're
dumping radioactive waste into the lake
they're dumping raw sewage into the lake
and they do it in such a way and say
it's okay don't worry about it drink up
filter your water people get a shower
filter get a water filter for your drink
drinking water please it is so important
look at what they're doing search your
town okay it's not just Flint it's not
just different
areas look it's happening everywhere so
be smart about
this you need to really be on this not
just for the water situation look look
at all these different things that I've
covered today we need to be educated and
we need to be keeping a very close eye
on all of these things if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs up last but not least if you
found the video informative I know you
will find my books the money GPS are my
new release global economic collapse
even more informative you can flip
through the books at Amazon they have a
look inside feature that will allow you
to flip through the pages of these books
and see if you like them take care